"The Minister of Medicine is Bradford Dillman," Arthur continued.This is a relatively unfamiliar name. He is neither a government official nor a senior politician, but a civilian from an ordinary family.The reason why he was elected as the Minister of Health is also very simple. He is a rare top student who graduated from a famous European medical school and is also a famous doctor in New South Wales.Of the more than three million people in Australia, more than half are gold diggers attracted by the gold mines and gold rush, and less than one-third are talents attracted by the major colonies.In such an environment, it is not surprising that talents like Bradford Dillman, who have extremely high levels of knowledge in a certain area, are reused."Richard Noble Chapman will be the Secretary of Education," Arthur continued.Richard Noble Chapman is the governor of Tasmania and the least vocal of the six governors.Compared with other states, Tasmania, with a population of just over 70,000, is really uncompetitive. Even if Arthur has taken great care of Tasmania in the allocation of seats in the House of Commons, Tasmania is only Gained seven seats in the House of Commons.But Richard Noble Chapman did one thing very well. Knowing that it was impossible to compete with other colonies in terms of economy, Richard Noble Chapman did a pretty good job. The correct decision is to build schools and develop education.Coupled with the natural advantages brought by its small population, Tasmania's population literacy rate has reached a terrifying 80%, and the population with primary school graduates accounts for 70% of the total population. It is the highest among the six Australian states in terms of education. Best condition.In appointing him as the Minister of Education, the MPs also took a fancy to his ability and experience in developing education.Soon, Arthur announced the list of all cabinet members.Among them, the Minister of Public Security was appointed by Thomas Cech, the former governor of South Australia. Needless to say, he was successfully elected because of his reputation and advantages.The foreign minister is held by Queensland Premier Andrew King Porter, as is Premier Thomas Cech, needless to say.The Minister of People's Livelihood is served by Victoria Governor Walter Brack. Walter Brack's people's livelihood in Victoria is still developing well, and he also has a good reputation in Australia. It is natural for him to be the Minister of People's Livelihood.The positions of Secretary of Defense and Secretary of the Treasury were held by Kent Crawford Rolen and Roger Joseph Ebert respectively.Kent Clover Lawrence was the son of Hunter's butler and a talented graduate of the British Military Academy.With him as the Minister of Defense, Arthur was very relieved.And Roger Joseph Ebert was the talent left to Arthur by Duke Arthur. Roger and Butler Hunter are responsible for taking care of all Duke Arthur's properties. Among them, Roger is responsible for the factory property, and Butler Hunter is responsible for the castle.Roger is definitely indispensable for the fact that the factories left by Duke Arthur can develop to their current scale.Both of them followed Arthur to Australia from the beginning, and changed their nationality to Australian immediately so that they could participate in the election of the House of Commons and succeed.The most important position of Prime Minister was obtained by Governor Evan.Governor Evan is the most vocal person in Australia's original colonial history and is also the leader among several governors.Allowing him to serve as the most important prime minister position in the cabinet government will not only satisfy the original colonial forces, but also stabilize the situation in Australia.Of course, Arthur would not suffer any loss by doing this, and he could also gain the favor of several governors.After all, at the beginning, Arthur significantly weakened the power of the cabinet government, and the power of the prime minister was also greatly reduced.The current cabinet government has only executive powers and is subject to the supervision of the House of Lords and Arthur.The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Defense, which have the most power in the cabinet government, are also in the hands of Arthur. Under such circumstances, anyone who controls that government will not be able to form enough resistance to Arthur. The cabinet government is only indirectly controlled by Arthur. A tool to rule Australia."Okay, these are all the members of the cabinet government. Let us congratulate them on their election and the official formation of the cabinet!" Arthur said to everyone with a smile after announcing all the lists.Bang bang!In an instant, warm applause erupted in the conference room, and those who were successfully selected showed smiles of joy and excitement.The Australian cabinet is different from the cabinets of other monarchs. Take the cabinet government of the British Empire. Generally, after the government prime minister is elected, the government prime minister forms all the cabinets on his own.This means that the selection of cabinet members can be decided by the prime minister. Although the term of such cabinet members is basically the same as the term of the prime minister, such a cabinet also has an obvious benefit, that is, all cabinet members unite under the leadership of the prime minister, and the government can work better.But Australia does not need this. All members of the cabinet are elected by the House of Commons, not appointed by the Prime Minister.The advantage of this is that it greatly disperses the unity of the cabinet and turns the cabinet into a tool of Arthur's rule rather than a power institution comparable to Arthur."After becoming a member of the cabinet, all other positions should be automatically dismissed. If you hold other positions, you should submit a letter of resignation to the original institution within a week. The governors of each state will temporarily serve for a period of time, waiting for the elections of each state house. After a new governor is decided, you will automatically lose the position of governor." Arthur said with a smile.Cabinet government positions are certainly greater than all other positions, and Arthur will not allow officials to hold important cabinet positions while also holding important positions in the states.In this case, they will be divided and unable to perform the responsibilities of each position well. Secondly, the rights of individuals are too great. Although they do not pose a threat to Arthur's rights, they can easily form political groups and cause trouble."yes."The governors of each state have actually been prepared for it long ago. Compared with the powerful cabinet members, although the position of governor seems to be equally powerful, it is actually controlled by Arthur, the government, the upper and lower parliaments and even the state parliament, and can be exercised Rights have been narrowed again and again.Under such circumstances, discerning people know which position to choose, and it is not such a pity to give up a relatively unimportant position."Okay, that's it for the meeting of the House of Commons. The government election has come to an end. The current task of all members is to conduct an in-depth investigation of the current situation in Australia and fill the legal vacancies in the Australian Constitution." Arthur said with a smile: "All The cabinet members will take office in the afternoon. Your first task is to find out the departments you are responsible for and the relevant situations. We will hold a cabinet meeting in a week."