New Zealand, Isle of Wight.The first meeting of the House of Commons went well, but this did not make Arthur happy. Because there is news from Queen Victoria that Her Majesty's health has become worse and worse, and she cannot even survive the arrival of winter.Arthur had actually expected this situation, but he couldn't accept it.Since recent years, Queen Victoria's health has become worse and worse, and some political affairs have been transferred to the Crown Prince.In addition, she had experienced the pain of losing her son again not long ago. Although Queen Victoria appeared very strong on the outside, Arthur knew very well in his heart that the departure of Duke Arthur had dealt a huge blow to Queen Victoria, which made Queen Victoria hold on. , in addition to Arthur and other princes and grandchildren, it is also the memory of Prince Albert and the late prince. This is also the reason why Queen Victoria traveled all the way to the Isle of Wight.After learning the news, Arthur urgently dispatched a warship to visit the Queen on the Isle of Wight.After two full days of sailing, Arthur finally arrived at the Isle of Wight, the residence of Queen Victoria.Greeting Arthur was Princess Beatrice, Arthur's aunt.After seeing Arthur, Princess Beatrice's eyes were red and she said to Arthur: "Arthur, go, your grandmother is waiting for you."Entering the room, which was not luxuriously decorated, Arthur immediately saw Queen Victoria lying on the bed.Compared with when they parted, the Queen's body has become noticeably thinner, her eyes are sunken, and she seems to have aged by more than ten years."Arthur! My child, come to grandma." Queen Victoria immediately saw Arthur who came in through the door and said in surprise."Grandma!" Arthur responded, stepping forward and holding the Queen's wrinkled hands."Arthur, how have you been in Australia during this time? Are you still getting used to it?" The Queen gently stroked Arthur's forehead and asked with a smile."I'm fine, grandma. Thanks to the Guards you gave me, I took over control of the entire Australia relatively smoothly. Now under my guidance, Australia has established a dual monarchy government and elected The House of Commons is preparing for the cabinet election." Arthur replied with a smile."Well, dual monarchy? Isn't there anyone in the government who opposes you?" Queen Victoria was listening quietly. After hearing Arthur say the word dual monarchy, Queen Victoria asked in surprise."It doesn't seem to be the case at the moment, because the prime ministers of the original colonies did not have military power, and I gave them temporary cabinet positions. So far, there are no officials who have clearly opposed the national system." Arthur thought for a while, Then he replied solemnly."Well, are all the Guards left in Australia?" Queen Victoria asked again."Yes, grandma. Although I have ensured that most Australians support me through speeches and various policies. But just in case, I have left the Guards in Australia." Arthur nodded again, Speaking of."Well, you did a good job. As the ruler of a country, no matter how smooth the environment you are in, you cannot lose the last trace of caution. It is a good thing that your reforms in Australia are going smoothly, but it is also a bad thing. . Although everything seems to be fine now, just as you expected. But once an accident occurs, no one can be sure in which state your opposition will jump out." Queen Victoria nodded happily, finally ending herself. Questions came one after another."You came at the right time, Arthur. A new group of servants came from the mainland some time ago. You and Louis are living in Australia and need more servants to take care of your lives. When you go back this time, Chefs, doctors, and servants should take some away with them. As the ruler and royal family of Australia, we must not lose face in this regard." Queen Victoria seemed to have thought of something and said."Yes, grandma." Looking at Queen Victoria's eager look, Arthur really couldn't say anything to refuse."Grandma, how is your health lately?" Arthur quickly changed the subject and began to care about Queen Victoria's health."It's just like that, Arthur. As people get older, they can no longer walk. I originally thought of going to the beach on the island for a walk, but who would have thought that I would lose strength just after walking outside the manor, and my legs would still hurt. But that's good, maybe I can see your grandfather and your father earlier." Speaking of her body, Queen Victoria sighed angrily, and then seemed to think about it, saying with a hint of ridicule."Don't say that, grandma. You will definitely live to be a hundred years old. Then I will bring your great-grandson to see you." Arthur quickly stopped Queen Victoria's dejected words and comforted with a smile."Ha~" Queen Victoria chuckled and shook her head, but did not continue her topic."Grandma, can I take you for a walk around the island, okay?" Arthur stood up and planned to take Queen Victoria for a walk on the island, and also to relax and offset Queen Victoria's physical and mental decadence."Okay, let's go to the West Beach. Albert and Arthur like it there too." Surprisingly, Queen Victoria did not refuse, but nodded with a smile.While Princess Beatrice was helping Queen Victoria to sit in the wheelchair, Arthur called Queen Victoria's personal doctor Marcoto and asked in a low voice: "Doctor Macotto, how is grandma's health?"Dr. Makotto looked around, carefully pushed back a few meters, and then whispered: "Your Majesty, Her Majesty does not suffer from any disease, but this is the most troublesome. Various diagnostic results show that Her Majesty has The sun is setting, and the body's functions are about to come to an end. Conservative estimates suggest that Her Majesty the Queen will only be able to survive until autumn."It lasted until autumn, and now it is early summer in June.This also means that Queen Victoria's lifespan was only about three months. Although it was shorter than the original life span in history, after experiencing the pain of losing a child, this was a more reasonable result.Although he had already expected it, after hearing Dr. Makotto's words, Arthur's heart still couldn't help but feel a little thump, and he instantly sank to the bottom."Is there no other way? Doctor Makoto." Arthur asked unwillingly."No, Her Majesty's body is aging normally. Judging from the current medical technology, there is nothing we can do." Dr. Makotto shook his head again and sighed softly.I want to apologize to everyone, but I suddenly realized that I have been too wet lately. This chapter was originally about the meeting of the House of Commons, but after thinking about it carefully, there are several chapters about meetings and so on, which is watery and boring. So I pushed forward the plot urgently and immediately entered the main line of national development. Please support me!