"Your Highness!""Long live your highness!"Amid cheers, Arthur calmly stepped out of the carriage, escorted by several guards, and headed to the State House.After entering the state house, Arthur saw Governor Evan directing his subordinates to count the candidates.As Australia's most populous state, the election in New South Wales is also the most intense.Although he has the most seats in the House of Commons among the six states in Australia, the difficulty of running for the election is not enough to describe how difficult it is.As governors of Australia's six states and members of the interim cabinet, several governors were approved by Arthur and qualified to directly enter the House of Commons.Of course, it's just this time. If the six governors cannot win the next gubernatorial election and lose the next House of Commons election, then they will have no choice but to bid farewell to Australian politics temporarily."Your Highness!" The sharp-eyed Governor Evan saw Arthur's arrival and quickly stopped what he was doing to say hello."Your Highness!"The entire State House followed suit."Well, Governor Evan, how was the election? Did it go smoothly?" Arthur nodded, looking at the information half a person tall next to Governor Evan, and asked."Of course, Your Highness. As of now, everything is proceeding in an orderly manner. We have not found any cheating yet, which is good news worth celebrating." Governor Evan said with a smile.Ever since Arthur confirmed his royal status at the last meeting, Governor Evan had resigned himself to his fate.Instead of fighting for power with Arthur without knowing the bounds of the world, it is better to use your own abilities to gain Arthur's status, and at least become a high-level person in Australia."Really, that's good. How many new candidates are there today?" Arthur asked as he walked out of the state house and came to the place where candidates registered."The number of candidates registered today has dropped significantly compared to the previous six days. Perhaps it is clear that the advantage of running on the last day has been lost, so there are only these candidates today." Governor Evan said, He pointed at the people queuing up.Arthur looked around and saw that although there were many people around him, there were not many people actually signing up to run. It looked like there were less than fifty.This has been significantly reduced compared to the election grandeur of the past few days. After all, it is the last day of the election. Even if you run for the election today, you will not be able to get many votes.Arthur stepped forward with a smile, fixed his eyes on a man who looked very enthusiastic, and asked: "Sir, what is your name?""Kangkanglaite, your highness." The fanatical man saw Arthur getting closer and closer to him, and even spoke to him. He was suddenly excited and his words became stuttering."Conright? Don't be nervous, this is just a normal conversation. Are you here to run?" Arthur asked with a smile, not caring about the nervousness and failure of the man in front of him."Yes, Your Highness. If we hadn't been too far away from Sydney, I wouldn't have rushed here today." The man named Kanglaite slowed down for a while and then spoke fluently, but his eyes still didn't dare to look. Arthur could only look down at his toes."Come on, sir." Arthur also saw Conlet's embarrassment, smiled and patted Conlet on the shoulder, turning his attention to the others."Are you here to stand for election too?" Arthur looked at the crowd of spectators and spotted two unusual-looking middle-aged men in the crowd.When other people faced Arthur's gaze, they showed not only excitement and excitement, but also nervousness and apprehension.This is a normal behavior that a civilian should have. After all, they are facing the supreme ruler of this country, Arthur.Although these two people were a little nervous, compared to the people around them, they were much more calm and composed.After confirming that Arthur was talking to them, the two men immediately replied impatiently: "Yes, Your Highness.""Can you briefly introduce yourself?" Arthur asked with a smile."Of course, Your Highness." Henrys was about to continue, but Martin on the side took the opportunity."My name is Martin, and I am an official of the Sydney City Government." Martin said respectfully.Seeing that he had been overtaken by his friend, Henrys did not hold back. He waited for Martin to finish before continuing: "Your Highness, my name is Henrys, and I am also an official of the Sydney City Government.""Well, can you tell us about your purpose of running for election? Or what will you do after you become members of the parliament?" Arthur was slightly interested in Henry's calmness and calmness of the two of them, so I asked a few more questions."Of course it's about developing a country and trying to improve the living standards of all Australians," Martin replied.Although most Australians are evolved from Western immigrants, in fact the living standards of Australians are far behind those of more developed countries such as the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the United States.Therefore, after Martin was asked by Arthur, his first thought was to improve the economic income and living standards of all Australians."Well, very good. What about you?" Arthur looked at Henrys and continued to ask.Of the two, Arthur was the most interested in Henrys and was looking forward to Henrys' answer to this question."Your Highness, in the decades since I became a city official, I have seen too many cases of deaths caused by not being able to afford medical treatment, and I have also seen too many families that went bankrupt because they were trying to save their families. I know that I want to completely Solving this problem is not something that can be accomplished in a short time, but I am also willing to fight for it." Henrys looked at Arthur's face and found that Arthur was very interested in what he said, so he continued: “Of course, I know that all of this depends on the development of the country. All Australians should not be obsessed with immediate interests and give priority to developing our country and becoming a prosperous and developed country. Only then can the government be adequate. Use funds to relieve the poor and improve everyone's living standards. The people trust the country, and the country protects the people. In this way, why should Australia worry about not being able to become a strong country, and why should Australians not be able to improve their lives?"Bang bang! Bang bang!Arthur took the lead in applauding and said to Henry with a smile: "Well said, Henry. As long as the people have full trust in the country and work together to develop our motherland. When our country becomes prosperous and developed, we will have enough After gaining economic strength, we can then feed our people back. The people and the country complement each other, national rejuvenation and people's prosperity are our ultimate goals!"Second update, please vote and invest! Recommended on the 4th, I still need your support. The author will work hard to update it, thank you!