Seeing that Minister Pierre decisively agreed to his request, Arthur nodded with satisfaction and said with a smile: "Minister Pierre, as long as you can successfully complete the three-year plan, you will definitely get the credit. But there is Don’t forget at all that while developing our steel industry, don’t forget to build other industries we need.”"Yes! Your Highness." Pierre nodded solemnly."Industrial development burns money very quickly. Minister Pierre, I will allocate 12 million pounds to you and pay it off in three years. All the industrial equipment will be handed over to you. I look forward to seeing your achievements." ." Arthur said with a smile.With sufficient industrial equipment, the capital of 12 million pounds for three years is also 4 million pounds per year, which is definitely not low."Yes, Your Highness! I promise to complete the task!" Minister Pierre stood up suddenly and said to Arthur very solemnly."Okay, now that the plan for the industrial sector has been temporarily determined, it's the education sector's turn next, right? As the saying goes, education revitalizes the country. Only when a large number of talents are invested in the development and construction of the country can Australia really have hope of rising. ." Arthur looked at Education Minister Richard Noble Chapman and asked with a smile."Your Highness, our country's education situation is currently very backward. The literacy rate of the population is only over 60%. This seems like nothing. Our country's primary school graduation rate is only 51%, nearly half of people have not graduated from primary school. On the one hand, this is because our country’s per capita income is relatively low, and some people cannot afford education. On the other hand, it is also because the current education environment in Australia is very bad, and we do not have enough schools to accommodate All children of school age,” Education Minister Richard Noble Chapman said with a wry smile as he stood up.Although Minister Richard has done a good job in education in Tasmania, after all, Tasmania has a relatively small population, and the difficulty of developing education has also been greatly reduced.Looking at Australia as a whole, if we want to completely solve the education problem, in addition to building enough schools to accommodate students, we also need to reduce tuition and miscellaneous fees as much as possible so that most Australian families can afford tuition."Does the Ministry of Education have any good solutions?" Arthur asked.Arthur also knows something about Australia's education situation.Logically speaking, Australia's population, mostly composed of European immigrants, should be highly educated.But in fact, most of these people are gold diggers attracted by gold mines and gold rushes. Most of these people in Europe are also poor people who cannot afford to eat. They travel across the ocean to Australia to find opportunities to survive or even get rich. .Under such circumstances, it is an unexpected result that Australia's population literacy rate and primary school graduation rate can both remain above half."Your Highness, I think our current education policy should give priority to the development of basic education and rapidly increase the literacy rate of the population and the popularity of basic education. According to the general trend, with the various construction and development of our country, a large number of students will be born High-income positions. These positions generally have one thing in common, which is that they involve some professional knowledge and fields. Although our basic education cannot enable workers to learn this knowledge, at least they can be more adaptable when exposed to them." Minister Chad said.A person with knowledge and cultural reserves will most likely learn new things faster than a person without knowledge and culture reserves.Australia is bound to have a large number of technical jobs in the future, and these jobs will naturally be filled by Australians.This also means that the government must now quickly improve the knowledge and cultural level of Australians. At least the population literacy rate must be significantly increased so that Australians can quickly adapt to these positions in the future."Well, continue." Arthur nodded with satisfaction and motioned for Minister Richard to continue."Your Highness, there is another advantage of prioritizing the development of basic education, that is, we are not so urgent about scientific research equipment and teacher reserves. I think our first task is to quickly popularize basic education in Australia, and at the same time, concentrate part of the funds to build a key university, that is, Meeting the vacancies in domestic universities can also become the cradle of our future talents. If this university has a large amount of research funds, it may also make some contributions to our talent introduction work in Europe." Minister Richard said with a smile .Education in various European countries is very good, and various universities can train a large number of talents every year.But it is precisely because of this that there will always be some frustrated people who are dissatisfied with their treatment and look for another way out for their dreams.If Australian universities provide a large amount of research funds to all talents, they will definitely attract some scientists who are obsessed with research but cannot obtain much research funds to come to Australia to conduct research.Once these talents come to Australia, it will be easy to control them.This is also the purpose of the unrestricted research funds for universities mentioned by Minister Richard, which is to attract talents to Australia through huge research funds."Well, the proposal is good. How much funding does the Ministry of Education need in total? How long will it take to see results in the construction of basic education?" Arthur asked.Richard's proposal is very good. It will not only save the government money to the greatest extent, but also improve Australia's education situation and even attract talents to Australia in the future.But until real results are seen, all this is just talk on paper."Your Highness, if we only want to universalize basic education, we only need to build urban and township primary schools in cities in every state. Because the scales vary, the funds required are also different. According to my conservative estimate, the amount of money needed to universalize basic education will be The funds used are about two million pounds. The construction of the primary school will be put into use in half a year, and our educational environment will be improved in a year." Minister Richard thought for a while and said slowly."What if we include the colleges and universities to be built?" Arthur asked.No matter what, universities, the cradle for cultivating high-level talents, must be built, no matter how high the price is.Therefore, the construction cost of the university must also be included in it and even be implemented as early as possible."Your Highness, just building an advanced university may cost millions of pounds. If you include the funds required to purchase scientific research equipment and introduce talents, it is conservatively estimated to be two million pounds." Minister Richard was thinking. It took even longer, and it took a long time to give a surprising answer.First update, please support! Please vote for me, please invest!