Building a state-of-the-art university would cost as much as building a large number of primary schools across Australia.This may seem surprising and ridiculous, but actually it makes perfect sense.As the beginning of basic education, the construction cost of primary schools is actually very small, and even some people who graduate from middle school can become primary school teachers.Under such circumstances, the teacher fees required to build a university have been reduced by almost half, and primary schools do not need any scientific research equipment. They only need to prepare teaching materials, tables and chairs, and a simple primary school can be opened."Minister Richard, I'm giving you a total of five million pounds of funding and allowing you to apply for an additional one million pounds within three years. My requirement is to see at least one million pounds within this year. A primary school will be established, and the construction of the university will also have results within two years. Can you do it?" Arthur looked at Minister Richard and asked with a slightly thoughtful smile.The difficulty of setting up education is different from that of building industry. To build industry, you only need to follow the rules and demarcate suitable industrial areas to invest in equipment production.However, the construction of education requires not only the reasonable investment of teachers, teaching materials, and materials, but also the source of students and school needs in each city.If we blindly set up schools, we may not only waste a lot of money, but also have no effect and waste our efforts."No problem, Your Highness! I guarantee that we will see the results of basic education within one year, and the results of university within two years." Minister Richard stood up and said very solemnly.Arthur gave him a more difficult task, but if he could complete it, he would gain great credit.Whether it is Minister Pierre or Minister Richard, they are both political elites born in the UK. They are now in the golden age of politicians in their forties and fifties.They don't want their political career to end like this, and they won't hesitate to fight for it even if it means going through mountains of fire, let alone a slightly difficult task."Very good." Arthur nodded with satisfaction and said to Ministers Richard and Pierre: "The Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Industry have very heavy tasks in the past three years, but if they can be completed smoothly, you guys Everyone will get a lot of credit. Australia is currently in its most important golden period of development, and this is when it needs talents like you."Seeing what Arthur said, Minister Pierre and Minister Richard were delighted, and they were even more determined to complete their tasks in the past three years."Minister Thomas, what is the situation with the Department of Public Security? After integrating the police departments of six states, how many police officers does Australia have now?" Arthur turned to the Minister of Public Security Thomas Cech and asked.After the establishment of Australia, the original police departments of the six states were naturally integrated and placed under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Public Security.However, due to the previous siled state police departments, it will take some time to properly manage the forces of these police departments."Your Highness, Australia currently has 41 municipal police stations and 6 state police stations, with a total of more than 600 police officers. However, neither the current number of police stations nor the number of police officers can meet the needs of maintaining normal public order in Australia. And the police The distribution of police stations is also very unbalanced. The number of police stations in New South Wales is close to that of Western Australia and South Australia combined." Minister of Public Security Thomas Cech stood up and reported truthfully.Arthur was stunned. He didn't expect Australia's security force to be so weak. No wonder Australia's economy did not develop well during the colonial period."What is the crime rate in our country? How many cases have there been in the country since its establishment?" Arthur asked with a solemn expression.The weak strength of the Ministry of Public Security means that the order in Australian society is not stable.In addition, the previous state management was very lax, and fights and even gunfights on the streets were not uncommon.Once a serious case like this occurs and the police station cannot handle it on time, it will easily make people a little disappointed with the government.Once such incidents pile up, even if they can be resolved one by one in the future, the government's lost reputation will not be restored.Therefore, the issue of public security also needs to be resolved as soon as possible, which will not only improve Australia's security situation, but also increase the attractiveness of immigrants in disguise.After all, no one wants to immigrate to a country where gunfights often occur. If one's own safety is not guaranteed, no matter how many temptations there are, people will hesitate or even give up."Your Highness, because the current efficiency of the police stations is not high, the crime rate cannot be well statistics. But according to my investigation, in New South Wales alone, since the establishment of Australia, the number of cases has There have been more than a thousand cases, and there have been at least fifty murder cases." Minister Thomas lowered his head in shame."It's okay, Minister Thomas. It's not your fault that the previous statistics were incomplete." Arthur looked at Minister Thomas' slightly ashamed look and comforted him."But I hope that Australia's chaotic situation can be resolved within one year. I hope that next year, Australia's crime rate can be significantly reduced, and it is best not to have murders. Once more serious cases, especially murders, occur, It must be dealt with quickly and fairly, and certain compensation must be provided to the victim's family." Arthur changed his subject and demanded."At the same time, I hope that all our cities can build police stations, even small police stations of two or three people. Australia should be a prosperous and beautiful homeland, not the cradle of those damn criminals." Arthur made a tour Circle, said firmly: "But this does not mean that the Ministry of Public Security does not have any requirements when recruiting police officers. First, all police officers must undergo strict identity and background verification, and then undergo a long period of training before they can take up their posts. In Before our police officers are fully trained, we cannot sit idly by and wait for the poor security in Australia. The Ministry of Public Security will immediately launch an investigation, and any group of people with gang backgrounds will be your focus. For any individual or force, once a violation of law is investigated If there is evidence of a crime, arrest him directly. If there are not enough manpower, I will dispatch an army of 1,000 people to assist you."Arthur's words directly sentenced all dangerous gangs in Australia to death.No matter how powerful a gang is, it cannot compete with a country.Everyone felt pity for those gangs. When facing a regular army of a thousand people, even all the Australian gangs combined were completely unable to compete.Second update, please support, please vote, please invest!