After listening to Arthur's speech, everyone around him instantly burst into cheers and applause, and Martin and Henry were no exception.People of this era naturally didn't know how to draw pie. Unknowingly, they were eating the pie drawn by Arthur as a matter of course and with gratitude.However, Arthur does have the ability to realize everything he plans, and the pie is about to become a reality."Everyone, I know that many of you who are running for the election do not have a very clear purpose for running. Maybe like Martin, you want to better participate in the development and construction of the country and improve the living standards and economic income of all our compatriots. . Some, like Henrys, have seen the miserable situation of the poor at the bottom of this country and want to make efforts and change it. Regardless of the purpose, being a member of the House of Commons is a very important and powerful position. , I hope that after you are successfully elected, you will not forget your original intention and seek the interests of the country, the government and all Australians. Of course, those who failed in the election should not be discouraged. There will be an election every two years. As long as you learn from experience and Lessons learned will always succeed." Arthur said solemnly as he looked at the crowd of spectators."Yes, Your Highness!"The group of people seemed to have a tacit understanding and responded to Arthur neatly."Of course, you don't have to be a member of the country to contribute to the development and construction of the country. Even as a civilian, as long as everyone works hard and abides by the law, they are contributing to the development and construction of the country. Isn't it? As long as all Australians are united, Australia is the greatest country and Australians are the greatest nation." Arthur said with a smile.This somewhat nationalistic statement was welcomed and respected by all Australians.Although the Australians are a new nation born after the mixing of Western immigrants and indigenous people, this does not mean that the Australians consider themselves inferior.What Australia has always lacked is an ambitious leader. Now that Arthur is here, the Australians will also bloom their own color."Of course, all this cannot rely solely on your participation and changes. The royal family and the government must make changes accordingly, so that the country can become stronger and the people's living standards can be greatly improved." Arthur threw out the last word With his trump card, he said loudly: "So, as your monarch, after learning that there are still many poor people in Australia who cannot afford medical care and go to school, I decided to take action: from now on, the royal family will establish a royal relief committee. Select a group of officials who are loyal to the royal family and the people to serve under my personal supervision and be responsible for assisting low-income Australians who cannot afford medical treatment or schooling. I will invest five million pounds as a fund for the relief committee's activities and promise to provide financial assistance to the relief committee every year. The Relief Committee will allocate at least one million pounds. I hope that Australians will not be ravaged by severe cold, hunger, or illness, and will be able to afford clothing, food, medical care, and education. Although the rise of Australia currently seems like an empty talk, I am still willing to work hard for it. All Australians, you are willing to work with your Duke to build this great country, so that Australians and Australia can stand together. The top of the world?"Arthur's words can be said to have stirred up a thousand waves with one stone. In a country where the per capita annual income is less than 10 pounds, Arthur's investment of 5 million pounds is definitely a huge sum of money.What is more important is what Arthur said. In the eyes of Australians, Arthur is definitely a monarch who respects and loves all Australians, and is the perfect duke in the hearts of Australians."Yes! Yes!"For a moment, the cheers of the crowd shook the sky, making it difficult to tell whether this was the election site of the House of Commons or Arthur's speech.Then, the cheers of the crowd gradually turned into "Long live His Royal Highness! Long live Australia!".The Duke is in front and Australia is behind, which shows how much these Australians love their monarch, even though Arthur was crowned only a few months ago.Unconsciously, Arthur's popular reputation in Australia has far surpassed that of the prime ministers of several original colonies and the governors of several states now.This is a good thing for the development of Australia. After all, the development of a country only needs one voice. With Arthur having many years of foresight, Australians do not need anyone to speak out."Okay, gentlemen, continue your election! When the House of Commons officially announces the election results, I look forward to some of you becoming official members of the country." Arthur was very satisfied with the crowd's reaction. Arthur left the House amid cheers.After a long period of time, the crowd gradually restored order and continued the election that should have gone smoothly.Compared with before, the enthusiasm of the crowd to participate in the election and vote has been greatly increased, and everyone has an excited and excited smile on their face, which is enough to show that Arthur's speech just now was indeed successful.New South Wales House of Commons, Sydney, 25 May 1900.After a short but long seven-day election day, the first election of Australia’s House of Commons was finally completed successfully.However, because Arthur's speech was spread by newspapers throughout Australia, the enthusiasm of all Australians to participate in elections and vote has greatly increased, and the data is more difficult to calculate than expected.With a large number of officials working overtime for several days, the final results of the first election of the House of Commons were finally tallied.Today is May 25, which is also the time when the planned election results will be announced.Early in the morning, before dawn, the entrance to the State House was already crowded with people waiting for the results to be announced. As time went by, the crowd continued to increase rapidly, even causing the road in front of the State House to be slightly blocked.Everyone is looking forward to the final list of members. Even though many people know that there is a high probability that they will fail in the election, they still hold a little bit of luck. What if the goddess of luck favors them today?At eight o'clock in the morning, the doors to the State House finally opened.Two guards walked out of the door with a list, looked at everyone, and said loudly: "Everyone, the results of the election are here. After I read all the names, someone from the city government will go to notify everyone of the successful election." Members. Please be quiet now so that everyone can hear the names of all Members."First update, please invest, please vote!