Butler Hunter's intention was simple. Anyway, the wine estate only cost about one hundred thousand pounds per year, which was a drop in the bucket for Arthur, who already had a net worth of hundreds of millions.Even if the red wine produced by the winery in recent years cannot occupy the European market, it can barely survive on the Australian market.Especially in the current chaotic situation in Europe, once a war breaks out in European countries or some unexpected situation occurs, causing the production of European wineries to decrease, it will be time for Arthur's winery to seize the market.No matter how bad it is, by selling low-end red wine, we can occupy the market in Australia and even Southeast Asia and East Asia and achieve profitability.After all, Europe is now the brightest pearl in the world, and Westernized things are very popular with people from other regions, not to mention wine, which is widely sought after by European aristocrats.This is the comparison mentality of ordinary people, thinking that foreign things are always better than domestic ones."Yeah." Arthur nodded, agreeing with Butler Hunter's point of view."Your Highness, our winery includes multiple areas such as squares, showrooms, wineries, vineyards, storage areas and underground wine cellars. It is expected that the maximum output can reach more than 4,400 tons per year, based on the capacity of barrels. , we can produce a maximum of more than 39,000 barrels of wine every year. If it is packaged in wine bottles, we can produce more than six million bottles." Butler Hunter explained to Arthur with a smile.Barrels are the most common wine barrel packaging in the UK. In the UK, even lower-end wines cost several pounds per barrel, with slightly more expensive wines costing over ten pounds.Even if a barrel of red wine produced by Arthur's winery only sells for five pounds, he can basically maintain a break-even price.If you look at bottle sales, the profits are even greater. Most bottled wines are branded as high-end, so they are more expensive than barreled wines of the same volume.Generally speaking, a barrel of wine can be sold for ten pounds, but if it is divided into hundreds of 750 ml bottles, each bottle can be sold for more than three shillings. The price of the same volume of wine is It more than doubled.For now, the winery's maximum production capacity can fully meet Australia's consumption. At least until Australia's per capita annual income does not see a higher growth, Arthur's winery can stock up on a large amount of red wine every year."Uncle Hunter, when can I drink wine?" Patricia asked impatiently.Butler Hunter looked at Patricia and Margaery who looked very expectant, and said with a smile: "The grapes will not mature until August, plus the winemaking time, I am afraid that the two young highnesses will have to wait until at least the end of September. Only then can you drink the red wine produced by our new winery.”After hearing Butler Hunter's words, Patricia and Margaery couldn't help but feel disappointed and dissatisfied with the waiting time."Okay, isn't there a lot of red wine brought from England? That wine is enough for you to last until October." Princess Lewis looked at her two daughters angrily and said with a smile.In fact, Patricia and Margery did not want to drink new wine, they were just curious about it.The red wine Arthur brought back from the UK was all high-end red wine previously produced at Duke Arthur's winery, with a total quantity of about one thousand bottles.In addition, besides Arthur, the royal family only has Princess Louise and two sisters, so the consumption of wine is actually very small. After drinking for several months, there are still more than 900 bottles."Oh!" Seeing their mother starting to teach them a lesson, Margery and Patricia quickly hid behind Arthur and reluctantly replied."Let's go and visit the winery." Arthur rescued the two sisters in time and said with a smile.After hearing what Arthur said, Margery and Patricia quickly returned to their mother and began to tour the scenery of the entire manor.It has to be said that the geographical environment of the entire winery is very superior. It sits on a mountain and looks at the water. There is a hill on the back of the winery, and the sun is relatively abundant, which is more suitable for the growth of grape vines.There is a clear river in front of the winery, passing through the square in front of the winery. The river is crystal clear, and occasionally you can see groups of fish swimming by.Such a superior geographical environment is very suitable for building not only a winery, but also a resort estate.Although it was already summer, the cool breeze blowing and the sound of water in the creek made Arthur feel reluctant to leave."Your Highness, I specially built a new small manor in the winery, close to our fruit tree planting area, with a creek in front. It seems that summer has arrived, and although the government building is very spacious, it is very hot. In my opinion, Your Highness, you can temporarily You can come to live in the manor, firstly to escape the summer heat, and secondly, it can make the two young highnesses less bored." Butler Hunter suggested.When selecting the location for the winery, Butler Hunter noticed this very advantageous geographical environment.With mountains and water at its back, and a small basin behind it, surrounded by mountains on three sides and water on one side, it looks like a perfect location for a holiday estate.Therefore, Butler Hunter took it upon himself to plan the best piece of land within the winery and build a small manor for Arthur and the royal family.Although the area of ​​the manor is not large, its geographical location and natural environment are definitely excellent, making it a good place to escape the heat in the summer.Seeing the excitement in the eyes of the two sisters, Arthur smiled and said, "Has the manor been successfully built?""Of course, Your Highness." Butler Hunter nodded and said: "The manor was built together with the winery. The manor has been completed. You only need to move the furniture in and you can move in.""Let's go and take a look." Arthur also became interested and said with a smile.In major European monarchies, the royal family has its own private estate. Even some royal families with relatively powerful powers often own multiple or even more than a dozen private estates.The function of these manors is to provide the royal family with temporary residence, travel and rest when living in the palace is not comfortable.Take the British royal family as an example. Queen Victoria owned countless estates, the more famous of which include Balmoral Castle, Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle, Holyrood Palace, Clarence House, Kensington Palace, St. James Palace, Hampton Court Palace, Sandringham Manor and other luxurious estates, or even the annual holiday destination is difficult to choose.But so far, the Australian royal family only has one residence, the National Government Building, which looks very shabby and sparse. This is why Hunter, as the royal housekeeper, wants to build a manor here.The second update is to test the waters and advance to the next level, which cannot be achieved without everyone's support. The author will work harder to update, and I ask for your continued support, thank you! Please vote, please collect, please invest, please support!