"That's good, son." Queen Victoria touched Arthur's forehead lovingly again, and asked with a smile: "Do you have any preliminary plans for the development of Australia? Do you have enough funds?""Grandma, I think the most important thing for Australia right now is to develop basic industry and education. Compared with European countries, Australia is weak in all aspects and needs to sharply improve its most basic industrial strength. And industry and other industries, All need to cultivate a large number of talents before they can develop. Therefore, education is also an important part that must be grasped." Arthur thought for a while and said.This was planned by Arthur in advance. It is simply impossible to develop various advanced industrial systems in Australia in a short period of time.Firstly, Australia's basic industries are extremely backward. Secondly, there is a serious shortage of talent reserves and the necessary conditions for the development of advanced industries.Rather than aiming too high, it is better to focus on building basic industries and developing education in a short period of time.After a few years, when the initial development has yielded results, we can then focus on building advanced industrial and technological enterprises to catch up with European countries."Well, Arthur, I'm glad that your temporary success did not lead to being too ambitious and arrogant. Even if you have a lot of financial support, Australia will not be able to catch up with the development of European countries within five years. But through With the accumulation of basic industries and the accumulation of talents through education, coupled with attracting a large number of talents and immigrants from Europe, there is still hope that Australia will be completely new in ten years." Queen Victoria nodded with satisfaction and looked at Ah with great pleasure. Se said."For you, Australia's current environment is also very superior. To the west is the territory of the British Empire, and to the east is the vast Pacific Ocean. To the north, neither the Qing Dynasty nor the island countries can take the initiative to take action against you. Under such a situation Now, you have a lot of time to develop." Queen Victoria continued to walk, holding Arthur's hand and saying as she walked.Arthur couldn't help but nodded. Queen Victoria was right. Australia is indeed in a golden stage of development. Whether it is geographical location or mineral resources, Australia has the capital to become a powerful country.The only relatively scarce population resource is that we can take advantage of the current dark clouds of war in Europe and the large-scale emigration of European populations to introduce immigrants.In general, Australia is definitely a country with the highest development potential during this period. As long as there are no major problems in the decisions of the rulers, Australia will definitely appear in the group of powerful countries in a few decades."You should still be living in that government building now, right?" Queen Victoria suddenly asked.When Queen Victoria was in Australia, she and Arthur were arranged to live on the top floor of the Government Building.Although the top floor has been simply decorated, it is still just a simple decoration, which is not consistent with Duke Arthur's status.After Arthur had a fortune of more than 200 million pounds and an entire country, this building was even more inappropriate for Arthur's identity."That's right, grandma. Even you live in such an ordinary manor, but I live there in a high-profile way." Arthur said with a smile.Arthur knew what Queen Victoria wanted to ask. After all, Arthur now had the power and a lot of money in his hands. It seemed natural to build a palace for himself.But in fact, Arthur had no such thoughts in a short period of time. Even if it is an extremely simple palace, the amount of money spent is definitely not a small amount.What's more, given that Australia's basic industry and infrastructure are very backward, even a small palace will take a long time to complete.Besides, once the palace is built, it will definitely attract the attention of all Australians.As soon as Arthur vowed to develop Australia, he spent a lot of money to build a palace for himself. Even if it was Arthur's own money, some people would inevitably be disappointed.It is better to invest all the funds in the development of the country first, and then withdraw the funds after the country is built. In this way, when Arthur builds the palace, Australians will not only not object, but will take it for granted."Well, this is actually what I want to say to you. Although it seems that you now have more than 200 million pounds of funds, even richer than the royal families of some European countries. But in fact, once these funds are invested in the country In the big hole of development, you will find that these funds are just a drop in the bucket. It is good that you have gained a lot of prestige in Australia, so you must not lose this prestige easily." Queen Victoria nodded happily again, looking at the person in front of her The boy, who was already half a head taller than himself, said with emotion: "I was still worried about you, but now it seems that you have initially grown into a qualified ruler. Arthur, I am proud of you, If your father knew all this, he would definitely be very pleased."Arthur didn't answer anything, but just supported Queen Victoria's hand more forcefully.The happy time is always short-lived. As Queen Victoria and Arthur walked and walked, the afternoon flew by unknowingly. By the time the two of them realized what they were doing, the sun was already setting."Okay, Arthur, let's stop here. I know you still have a lot of things to do in Australia. My grandmother is not dying yet, so she doesn't need you to accompany her all the time." Queen Victoria finally patted Arthur's hand and smiled. Said to Arthur."Grandma." Arthur was a little reluctant. He originally wanted to stay on the Isle of Wight to stay with Queen Victoria for a few more days, but he didn't expect that Queen Victoria had already kicked her out in just a few hours."Good boy, go back to Australia. No matter what time, you must always remember that you must not be swayed by emotions. As the ruler of a country, the country is the most important to you." Queen Victoria touched it Arthur's forehead, commanded."Well, grandma, I understand." Arthur nodded vigorously and said his final farewell to Queen Victoria.port.When Arthur set foot on the ship to return, Princess Beatrice came over, handed Arthur a suitcase, and said: "Arthur, your grandmother asked me to give this to you. You Grandma said that there are things in here that you will use in the future, but she also asked me to warn you not to use the things in here for at least five years, even for her sake."First update, some book friends say that there is no revenge, but that is not the case, it’s just that the time is not right. Besides, judging from the fact that Queen Victoria doted on Arthur, would she really leave no room for Arthur?Also, please support me!