January 9, 1900, the third day after Duke Arthur was buried.This was the third day after Queen Victoria issued an order to the government, and five days had passed since Duke Arthur was assassinated.Buckingham Palace, Queen Victoria's offices.Early in the morning, Queen Victoria sat on her desk with a livid complexion and red eyes.The pile of documents originally piled up on the desk had all been thrown aside by Queen Victoria in anger.The reason why the eighty-one-year-old woman is so angry is naturally because of the recent assassination of her favorite son, Duke Arthur.Thanks to Britain's world-leading intelligence agency, a list of names and detailed information about all those involved in the assassination was delivered to Queen Victoria's desk in just a few days.Because this involves royal secrets, no one else knows about this list of information."Arthur! My poor Arthur, I'm sorry for you." Queen Victoria looked at the list with red eyes. The list clearly stated that Duke Arthur was assassinated by a die-hard gunman under the influence of Crown Prince Edward."Albert, it was me who killed our child. Arthur never wanted to compete with Edward, but unexpectedly he died in the struggle for the throne." Queen Victoria said regretfully with tears in her eyes.Prince Albert was Queen Victoria's lifelong companion. Even though Prince Albert has passed away for nearly 40 years now, Queen Victoria still misses Prince Albert from time to time.Duke Arthur is Queen Victoria's favorite son.Because Prince Albert died on the way to visit Crown Prince Edward, Queen Victoria, who loved Prince Albert, was displeased and never allowed Prince Edward to participate in government affairs.It was not until Queen Victoria's health deteriorated in recent years that Prince Edward had the opportunity to gradually come into contact with various government affairs.But at the same time, as the only prince sealed in the British mainland, Duke Arthur not only held a high position in the army, but was also loved by Queen Victoria.This obvious gap is why it has been repeatedly rumored in the British political arena and among the people that Queen Victoria wants to establish a new crown prince.Perhaps Crown Prince Edward is dissatisfied with Queen Victoria's favoritism for Duke Arthur and wants to get rid of the biggest threat to his succession to the throne; or perhaps it is those who are loyal to Crown Prince Edward who want to smooth the way for their master. In short, Duke Arthur is indeed He died at the hands of the crown prince's forces.Although the entire assassination case was well hidden, and even the entire assassination was divided into several links, which greatly eliminated the suspicion of Crown Prince Edward and the Crown Prince's influence, the clues were still discovered by intelligence agencies."Edward..." Queen Victoria looked at the word "Crown Prince" on the document that stung her eyes. Her emotions surged, but she couldn't say a word.After a long time, Queen Victoria recovered from her extreme grief and said to the door: "Beatrice, go and ask little Arthur to come over."Princess Beatrice is Queen Victoria's youngest child and her greatest support in the 40 years since her husband lost her.Princess Beatrice, who now also lost her husband, has always been by Queen Victoria's side and is Queen Victoria's unofficial secretary and closest person."Okay, mother." Princess Beatrice left quickly.Not long after, little Arthur was taken to Queen Victoria's office by Princess Beatrice. Old Butler Hunter escorted him all the way to the door of the office, and then he waited outside the door with confidence.Looking at the young man walking towards her step by step outside the door, Queen Victoria finally showed a smile she had not seen for a long time, and whispered to little Arthur: "Arthur, come to grandma."Upon hearing this, Arthur immediately quickened his pace, stepped forward, helped Queen Victoria back to her seat, and then said: "Grandma, Arthur is here.""Arthur, how have you slept these past two days?" Queen Victoria tried her best to maintain her normal self, but her slightly trembling voice betrayed her emotions."It's very good, grandma. But you, don't be too sad. Although my father is gone, the country still needs you, grandma. I and all the royal family members also need you, grandma." Arthur looked at Queen Victoria's face. Naturally, she understands how cruel it is for this elderly queen to lose her beloved son in old age."Good boy, don't worry about grandma. Grandma is very good. After a while, I will officially hold a ceremony for you to inherit the title. If you need anything else, just tell grandma." Queen Victoria heard this and smiled with her hands. Touched Arthur's head and said."Grandma..." Hearing Queen Victoria say this, Arthur wanted to speak, but he didn't know where to start. Perhaps his request was another blow to the elderly Queen Victoria. Seeing Queen Victoria's care for him, Arthur was a little speechless."What's wrong, child? Don't worry, grandma is here." Seemingly seeing Arthur's hesitation, Queen Victoria smiled relievedly and consoled him."Grandma, I don't want to stay here anymore. I want to go out and relax." Arthur gritted his teeth and said his request.Queen Victoria was not as excited as expected, but was very silent.After a long time, Queen Victoria asked in a hoarse voice: "Where do you want to go? Arthur.""I don't know, maybe Australia or New Zealand. I heard that the sea view there is good, and it may be more suitable for relaxing." Arthur said.Such a loophole will obviously not fool Queen Victoria. If we just talk about the sea view, the sea view in the UK is very good. There is no need to go to Australia, thousands of miles away.But when she thought of Arthur's reason for wanting to go out and relax, Queen Victoria didn't know how to speak."So, Arthur, will you come back?" Queen Victoria asked.Will you come back? Arthur asked himself, if it wasn't something particularly important, probably not.Although under the control of Queen Victoria, young Arthur can roam anywhere in the British Empire.But how long can Queen Victoria hold on? In the original history, Queen Victoria died just one year later, in January 1901.Now, Queen Victoria has experienced the pain of losing her son again, and it is unclear whether she can survive until January next year.