After Arthur saw the manor with his own eyes, he realized that the small manor that Butler Hunter mentioned was actually not small, and was even quite large.Although it is not comparable to the large manors and palaces of the British royal family, it covers an area of ​​3 hectares, or 30,000 square meters.If we look at the housing area in later generations, a community built with 30,000 square meters can accommodate at least a thousand people, but in Arthur's case, it was just a manor for the four members of the royal family.The main body of the estate is composed of living areas, gardens, creeks, lawns, orchards, fountains and an artificial lake.The building area of ​​the entire manor is not very large, less than 3,000 square meters, of which the pavilion and stables occupy more than 500 square meters.The area actually used for living is less than 2,500 square meters. It is a small palace built after a British palace. It is in the shape of the letter H. The middle is the highest point of the entire house, where the royal flag is hung.Although it does not occupy a large area, this small palace with only three floors still has more than fifty rooms. In addition to the more than ten small rooms where servants and subordinates live, there are more than forty rooms. for distribution.Among them, conference rooms, restaurants, reception rooms, broadcast rooms, offices and rooms for royal family members occupy twenty places. In addition to storing items, the remaining twenty-odd rooms can also be used as guest rooms.The largest room in the manor is the public conference room, which is more than 300 square meters in size. A giant oval conference table can accommodate more than fifty people.On the periphery of the oval conference table, there is a large circular table made up of circles of small tables.The four circles of tables can accommodate more than 300 officials for meetings in total, which completely solves the need for the House of Commons to hold meetings when Arthur lives in the manor, and can even accommodate the expanded House of Commons in the future.In the center of the innermost oval conference table, there is an oval step with a protrusion of fifteen centimeters.A podium will be placed on the steps, facing the top of the conference table.This podium is used by representatives to speak during meetings. The position facing the leader also reflects respect for Arthur.After finally visiting the entire manor, it was already one o'clock in the afternoon.Even though Arthur and others had a luxurious breakfast when they set out, they all began to feel hungry after a morning of sightseeing."Your Highness, I have already prepared lunch, and the restaurant in the manor has been cleared out. Are you ready to eat now?" Butler Hunter was very considerate. When Arthur just felt hungry, Henry asked. The special housekeeper had already asked at the right time.Arthur nodded, looked at Margaery and Patricia, who were also looking forward to it, and said with a smile: "Then let's go have a meal first. After walking all morning, we must be starving."Different from the top floor of the temporarily converted government building, there are five restaurants in the manor, large and small, divided into private dining rooms, where royal members dine privately. There are also public restaurants, banquet rooms and party rooms.Among them, the banquet hall is the most solemn and elegant restaurant, and the banquet hall is the largest restaurant.This time Arthur and others' destination is the private restaurant, located on the west side of the third floor of the manor.The decoration of the private dining room is completely based on the preferences of the royal family members. Because Butler Hunter knows that Arthur does not like high-profile, the decoration of the private dining room is relatively elegant. Except for a few oil paintings, it is relatively simple.Lunch at noon is authentic British food, although Britain is not rich in food.The main dish is a sausage and mashed potatoes, with some gravy poured on top, which makes it a bit appetizing. The main dish is fish and chips, which is to remove the fish bones and heads, cut it into strips, wrap it in wet dough and fry it.There is also a Steak Wellington made from Italian beef. The skin is grilled to a golden and crispy texture, and you can still see the bloody beef inside when you cut it open.These dishes are the better-tasting delicacies in British cuisine, and they are also British delicacies that Arthur is more acceptable to.After finishing this hearty meal, Princess Louis took Margery and Patricia back to the Government Building.Before the complete renovation of the manor is completed, they still have to temporarily live in the government building for a while.Arthur, however, stayed briefly and rushed to the next place with Butler Hunter.South of Sydney Harbor, in a wasteland.It is not far from Sydney Harbor, but because the surrounding land has not been developed, it is still an uninhabited land for the time being.It has to be said that Australia is now so vast and sparsely populated that it is terrifying. This land is located on the plains of southeastern Australia and is a fertile land.But because Australia's population is too sparse, such large and fertile land has not been developed.Arthur simply walked around and observed the terrain, then nodded with satisfaction and said to Butler Hunter: "Butler Hunter, when will our shipyard be built?"This is actually the address chosen by Hunter Steward for the new shipyard. It is an area relatively close to the port.The advantage here is that it is relatively close to the port and is more convenient for material transportation. Based on the comprehensive terrain survey, it is a good place to build a shipyard."Your Highness, our equipment and employees have basically been shipped to Australia. All that is needed now is the time to build the factory and install the equipment. I estimate that this time will not be too long. It is expected that our shipyard will be completed in three or four months. It will be put into initial use." Butler Hunter said.This shipyard is one of the valuable assets left by Duke Arthur to Arthur, and it can make Australia, which does not have any shipbuilding capabilities, take a big step forward in the shipbuilding industry.This shipyard can independently design and produce small warships of less than 5,000 tons, and is involved in the manufacture of heavy cruisers of over 10,000 tons.This is why Arthur insisted on relocating the entire shipyard to Australia. Such a shipyard that independently develops and produces small warships is definitely a resource that Australia cannot lose.The same is true for military factories and steel plants, which can bring a lot of knowledge and experience to Australia, which is weak in industry, and avoid many detours.Thanks to Duke Arthur, Arthur was able to own these several such important factories. Thanks to Duke Arthur, Arthur was able to relocate these factories completely to Australia.Without these factories, it would probably take at least ten years for Australia to master these technologies.First update, please support! Asking for all kinds of tickets, collecting, investing!