"Block all exits from London and the murderer must not be released. I want to hear the good news from the government within three days." Queen Victoria said coldly."Yes, Your Majesty," Prime Minister Robert Searcy responded solemnly.Prime Minister Roberto Cersi knows that if the murderer cannot be caught and brought to justice within the time stipulated by Her Majesty the Queen, then his days as Prime Minister may be over.Although the United Kingdom is one of the most representative constitutional monarchies in the world, the rights of the British King have been too restricted.But no one can deny that Queen Victoria, who single-handedly created the glorious Victorian era, has regained a lot of power. Appointing and removing the prime minister is just a matter of words."Where is Arthur now?" Queen Victoria asked sadly."At the Royal Hospital, Princess Louise is also there," Prime Minister Roberto Cersi responded.Princess Louise is the wife of Duke Arthur, the grand-niece of King Frederick IV of Prussia and the German Emperor Wilhelm I, the cousin of the current German Emperor Wilhelm II, and the mother of Arthur."Let's go and see Arthur for the last time and see my poor child." Queen Victoria sighed as if resigned to her fate, and her already aging body suddenly seemed to become much more rickety.The Royal Hospital is an ancient hospital built in the last century and is also the private hospital of the entire British royal family.Famous doctors from all over the UK and even the world gather here, and it is also one of the world's top hospitals.A carriage convoy slowly set off from Buckingham Palace and headed straight to its destination, the Royal Hospital.And in the Royal Hospital.A full two hours have passed since Duke Arthur was sent to the hospital for rescue. As early as an hour ago, Duke Arthur lost his breathing and heartbeat forever.At this time, sitting in front of Duke Arthur's body were his wife, Princess Louise, and two daughters, Margaret and Patricia.Even the youngest daughter, Patricia, is fourteen years old and is no longer an ignorant and ignorant age.Seeing that their originally amiable father had lost his breath and was lying on the hospital bed with a pale face, both Margery and Patricia couldn't accept it. They lay on Duke Arthur's body and cried loudly.Princess Louise on the side was a little better. At least she could control her slightly collapsed emotions, so that she would not be as uncontrollable as her two daughters.But the red eyes and the hazy mist in the corners of her eyes also proved that Princess Louis was not in a good mood.Boom, boom, boom!Following the sound of noisy footsteps, Princess Louise looked towards the door and immediately spotted Queen Victoria walking slowly holding Arthur's hand."Your Majesty, Arthur." Princess Louise said, forcing herself to control her emotions.In the West, whether it is a daughter-in-law or a son-in-law, they usually call their parents-in-law and father-in-law by their first names.Given Queen Victoria's distinguished status, Princess Louise naturally cannot directly call Queen Victoria by her first name, but instead uses an honorific title instead."Louis, Margery, Patricia." Queen Victoria nodded slowly towards Princess Louis, then looked at Margery, Patricia, and finally slowly turned her eyes to the girl on the hospital bed. Duke Arthur said with difficulty: "Arthur!""Arthur!"When she called out Duke Arthur's name again, Queen Victoria had already hurried to Duke Arthur's bedside.Caressing Duke Arthur's gradually cold face, Queen Victoria said slowly: "Arthur, don't worry, mother will avenge you. I will also take good care of Louis and the three little guys, and I will never let anyone People hurt them. May God guide you to heaven, my son.”"Prime Minister Robert!" Turning around, Queen Victoria, who was originally a sad mother who lost her child, turned into the monarch who had been in power for decades and said coldly: "Check it for me! Whether it's London or the UK, even if it's Europe or America. As long as any accomplices related to the assassins are found, arrest them all! At the same time, inform the whole world that any behavior that participates in or assists the murderers is a declaration of war with the British Empire! No matter what the cost, we must get to the bottom of it!""Yes, Her Majesty the Queen, I will go right away." Prime Minister Roberto Cersi responded quickly.In anger, Queen Victoria was a presence that the entire British political arena had to avoid. No one dared to challenge Her Majesty's majesty, and no one dared to question Her Majesty's rights."In addition, prepare for Arthur's funeral immediately. Don't let my children wait too long. The sooner Arthur is sent to heaven, the more relieved I will be." Queen Victoria instructed.Funerals in the West are quite cumbersome, especially for those like Duke Arthur who are buried with princely standards. The process is even more cumbersome.Not only do regional bishops need to be hired to pray and instruct the souls of the deceased to ascend to heaven, but they also need to wash the body and take communion, etc.This series of preparations would take at least several days, which was intolerable to Queen Victoria."I understand, Your Highness." Prime Minister Roberto naturally did not dare to refuse and quickly agreed.Queen Victoria gave instructions to Princess Louise, Margery, and Patricia for a long time before taking Arthur and everyone away.January 7, 1900, Royal Cemetery, Windsor, Berkshire, United Kingdom.This is a private cemetery for members of the British royal family, where many distinguished kings and royal family members are buried over the past hundreds of years. And now, there is another corpse on this land, and that is Duke Arthur.In the early morning, Queen Victoria took all members of the royal family to attend the funeral, accompanied by a team of royal guards for ceremony and security.This noble and distinguished Duke has a short but colorful life experience. Not only has he served as an officer in South Africa, Canada, Ireland, Egypt and India, he is also the current Commander-in-Chief of Ireland and the "Chief of the Six Tribes" of the Iroquois Confederacy. Recipient and Field Marshal of the United Kingdom.This also led to many people spontaneously seeing off Duke Arthur at Duke Arthur's funeral.Duke Arthur's coffin set off from the Royal Hospital, traveled slowly on the royal carriage, and arrived at the Royal Cemetery.With many British people, all members of the royal family and government officials seeing him off, Duke Arthur's coffin was also placed in a prepared tomb, and the bishop gave the final blessing.Arthur looked at all this and felt a little confused.He had just traveled through time for less than three months and lost his father, Duke Arthur, who was very kind to him. What should he do next?