After hearing the guard's words, the crowd instantly became quiet, and they all looked expectantly at the guard, or the list in the guard's hand.Seeing that the scene gradually became quiet, the guard said: "What is being announced now is the list of members of the House of Commons in the entire New South Wales state. After the list is announced, these members will officially begin to take office for a two-year term.""Abbott Martin Henrys! The above 71 are the new members of the House of Commons. Soldiers will go to the addresses of these members later to notify them. According to His Highness's order, the first official meeting of the House of Commons is scheduled for June 10 At that time, all elected members should be present to participate in the meeting of the House of Commons unless there are special circumstances." The guard solemnly instructed after reading out all the lists.Since it was the first time the House of Commons was holding a meeting, Arthur decided to be there in person to preside over it.This also greatly enhances the seriousness and solemnity of the meeting. Therefore, in theory, members are not allowed to be absent without any reason."Sir, when will the members of the State House of Representatives be announced?" a person who thought he had an advantage but was not elected to the House of Commons hurriedly asked.Without entering the House of Commons, entering the State House of Representatives is currently the only way for those who dream of entering official careers."I'm sorry, we don't know the list of the State House. I'm afraid we have to wait until the State House announces it later." The guard spread his hands and said slightly apologetically.Hearing what the guard said, those who did not succeed in the election suddenly became dejected and watched with envy the celebrations of those around them who had succeeded in the election.As two of the more senior officials of the Sydney City Government, Henrys and Martin were relatively successful in this election, and both were successfully elected to the House of Commons.At this time, the two of them heard their names from the mouths next to them, and looked at each other with joy on their faces."Hey! Henris, did you hear that? Our election was successful! From now on we will be distinguished congressmen, brother." Martin said to Henris with an excited look."Of course, Martin. You are right, we are already members of Parliament, now." Henrys also looked happy, but Henrys restrained his crazy impulse better and just responded to Martin with a smile.For small city government officials like them, being successfully elected as a council member is definitely a huge improvement to their official career.For any country with a parliament, members are politicians with high status and great power. Even in an autocratic monarchy like Australia, members have a certain say in the political arena."Okay, gentlemen. This is the door of the State House. If you have nothing to do, please don't gather here. Members of the House of Commons, please don't forget the first meeting on the 10th of next month. Others can wait for the State House in peace. Let's make an announcement." After reading the list, the guard posted the list on the announcement wall at the entrance of the State House, gave the final instructions to the crowd, and then returned to the Government Affairs Building.After hearing the guard's reminder, the crowd wisely left the State House. As the saying goes, some people are happy and some are sad. Those who successfully ran for election are naturally very happy, while those who are not mentioned on the list can only be filled with envy and jealousy, watching the people around them talking and laughing in celebration.June 10, 1900, Sydney, State Buildings.Since Arthur's arrival, this government building, originally used by the New South Wales colonial government, was temporarily converted into the Australian National Government Building by Arthur.This building was simply planned to be relatively large when it was first constructed, so it could barely accommodate the entire country's government agencies.This is only a short-term solution. Arthur will definitely choose to build new government buildings and palaces. Whether it is the residence of the national government or the residence of the royal family, it must not be too shabby.At seven o'clock in the morning, the door of the Government Affairs Building was crowded with people who were strictly dressed and serious in speech.This group of people is not the officials in the Government Building, let alone the crowd of onlookers, but all the members of the Australian House of Commons who were elected on the election day some time ago.Because they know that this day is a very important day for all members, everyone is dressed strictly and solemnly. They usually gather in twos and threes to talk and laugh. At this time, they were not smiling at the door of the Government Affairs Building and were very serious.After a while, the door of the government building slowly opened, and a group of guards slowly came out and said to everyone: "Members and gentlemen, today's meeting place is in the first conference room on the east side of the top floor. Please come. Remain serious and quiet as you go upstairs.”After hearing the guard's instructions, everyone began to follow the guard's guidance and walked towards the top floor of the Government Affairs Building.The top floor of the Government Building is the temporary residence of royal family members such as Arthur and Princess Louise, Margaret, and Patricia. It is also equipped with two conference rooms, a restaurant and two offices.The first conference room that the guard was talking about was the largest conference room on the top floor of the Government Affairs Building. It could accommodate up to 300 people for a meeting, which was completely enough for the 190 members.Everyone cautiously walked up to the roof, and under the guidance of the guards, headed towards the conference room.During this period, no council member dared to look around while passing the floor. After all, the surrounding guards were staring at them all the time. If they dared to look around, they would not only leave a bad impression on Arthur, but may also be blamed.Entering the conference room, everyone sat down according to their seats. Most people chose to sit in the middle and back. Except for a few governors and some bolder congressmen, there were only a few who came late. The unlucky guy, after having no space in the back row, sat in the front with a nervous look on his face.At eight o'clock, with a bell ringing, the guard opened the door and Arthur walked in with a smile.First, he walked around and saw several familiar people among them. Then Arthur smiled and said: "Everyone, congratulations, you can stand out from thousands or even tens of thousands of people and become the first member of the Australian House of Commons. .”call!Seeing that Arthur's first words were not serious, many members breathed a sigh of relief, and most of the tense atmosphere was relieved."But I still have to remind you that your status has changed now. You are official members of the House of Commons of the Principality of Australia, and important officials who can decide the election and laws of this country's cabinet. You may have been civilians before, or you may have been Officials of the city government. But now, you are all distinguished members. During your term of office, I do not want to see any corruption or bribery. I hope that you can all develop Australia and build our beautiful country. To serve the purpose of homeland, come and hold this important position." Arthur's tone suddenly changed and he began to speak seriously.Second update, please invest, please vote, please support!