The three stopping places chosen by Queen Victoria were actually the last things Queen Victoria wanted to do for the British Empire and Arthur.Stopping at the Suez Canal and India could stabilize Indian hearts and minds and strengthen the British Empire's rule in India.The stop in Australia is a very obvious platform for Arthur, so that Arthur can have a good foundation in Australia.March 29, 1900.After sailing for half a month, the fleet finally arrived at Calcutta, the capital of the Indian Empire.India was originally administered by the British East India Company. Each state was nominally independent and recognized the British King as its co-owner.But since the Indian National Revolt, the British East India Company completed its mission and handed over power to Queen Victoria.Queen Victoria was also officially crowned as the Queen of India in 1876 and established the Indian Empire.Since then, India has completely ended its previous status of semi-independent and semi-colony, and completely reduced to a colony of the British Empire.The current Governor-General of India is George Curzon, who is famous for dividing Bengal in India, sending troops to the north, and demarcating the Soviet-Polish border.At noon, the fleet successfully docked at the port of Calcutta, and Arthur and Queen Victoria, who had been traveling on the ship for half a month, were finally able to go ashore to take a breath.Although the cruise ship prepared by the British government for Queen Victoria and Arthur was very luxurious, it not only had various facilities, but also had two small gardens and a swimming pool.But it has to be said that life on a cruise ship is not as real as on land. Although Arthur is still doing well, he still looks forward to setting foot on solid ground.At the port, Governor George, who had already heard the news, came up with Kitchener, Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army."Your Majesty the Queen, Your Highness the Duke." The two of them saluted.Because Queen Victoria also has the title of Queen of India, the two deliberately used the honorific title of Queen instead of Queen when saluting."Marquis George, General Kitchener, long time no see." Queen Victoria responded to the two with a smile.Governor George Curzon and General Kitchener both have a very obvious characteristic. Both of them are very capable talents and have their own unique understanding of things.But often such two people will have some conflicts in some aspects, and this was the case in the original history.Because Governor George and General Kitchener had disagreements that led to discord, five years later, in 1905, both men were dismissed and returned home.But a flaw cannot conceal the talents of two people. After returning to the UK, Governor George also served as Lord of the Privy Seal, a member of the war cabinet, and foreign secretary and other important cabinet positions.General Kitchener, who was awarded the title of Field Marshal in 1909 and served as Secretary of War, also recruited a large number of volunteers without the consent of the cabinet before World War I. Although he was somewhat arbitrary and arbitrary, it was indeed thanks to his foresight. Only with great insight can we ensure that Britain has a large number of professional troops to fight Germany to the end."George hasn't been back to the UK for two years. Thank you for staying in India." Queen Victoria looked at Governor George with a smile and expressed her condolences."Yes, Your Majesty, it has been two years. But I have not worked hard. India is one of the most important regions in the entire empire. It is an honor for me to be appointed by Your Majesty as the Governor-General of India. I will never betray His Majesty's trust. Put India into crisis." Governor George said solemnly."Well, that's good. In the future, India's stability will still need to be maintained by you and General Kitchener. I hope that this shining pearl of India will not become dusty in the hands of you two." Queen Victoria smiled happily. , speaking of.Queen Victoria still trusted Governor George's ability, otherwise he would not have held such an important position as the Governor-General of India at the age of 39, which was very young for a politician."General Kitchener, your contribution in South Africa is very significant. People are happy to call you a British hero." Queen Victoria looked at General Kitchener with a smile and said."I just did what I should do, Your Majesty." General Kitchener said with a military salute."No matter what, you have indeed made great contributions to the British Empire. I originally planned to reward you after you return to the UK. I think it is better to take advantage of today's opportunity and reward you directly." Queen Victoria said with a smile.Immediately, Queen Victoria immediately put away her smile, became serious, and said solemnly: "General Kitchener, Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army!""Here, Your Majesty.""In view of your outstanding contributions in Egypt and South Africa, you will be awarded the title of Baron Khartoum and you will be allowed to return to the UK for a visit this year. In addition, this fifty thousand pounds is a reward for you. The empire will never forget those who have contributed to the empire. People." The Queen said solemnly."Thank you, Your Majesty, and long live Your Majesty and the Empire!" General Kitchener took the fifty thousand pound note handed over by the servant with some excitement.The fifty thousand pounds was not the real reason that excited General Kitchener. The baron's reward was what moved this talented soldier.Although the baron is only the lowest level in the traditional aristocratic system, there are four levels above: viscount, earl, marquis, and duke.But in fact, due to different cultural differences, the noble ranks of various European monarchies are also different.As far as the UK is concerned, British titles generally consist of baron, viscount, earl, duke, prince, and king. It is not easy for ordinary people to be awarded the title of baron and viscount based on merit.Generally, earls and dukes are inherited by members of the royal family or established nobles, and ordinary people have no chance to get involved.After a simple welcome ceremony, Queen Victoria took a carriage and moved into George's Government House with Arthur.The Guards were stationed outside Calcutta, leaving only a small group of more than two hundred guards to ensure the safety of Queen Victoria at all times.Unlike other places, Queen Victoria will stay in India for three days. One is to review the achievements of India during this period, and the other is to rest for a while, which will also allow the fleet to replenish supplies.After all, considering that Queen Victoria is over 80 years old, although there is no shortage of supplies on the cruise ship, the rickety life on the ship is still a bit tiring for Her Majesty.Especially after half a month of sea voyage, it was time for Queen Victoria to rest for a few days.After everyone got off the ship, the crew of the transport fleet began to transport supplies to the ship to ensure that the coal and living supplies on the ship could make it to the next destination, Australia.