Above the cabin, Arthur looked at the suitcase that was not heavy in his hand and fell into brief contemplation.To be honest, Arthur had basically guessed the contents of the suitcase given to him by Queen Victoria.It must have been very important to Arthur and Queen Victoria to have Princess Beatrice personally deliver it and specifically order it not to be used within five years.Combined with today's conversation with Queen Victoria, the contents of the suitcase are already revealed."Alas!" Arthur sighed, but his heart was full of gratitude to Queen Victoria.The fact that Queen Victoria was able to hand over such an important thing to Arthur actually meant that Queen Victoria chose the latter when it came to her son and grandson, even if the latter's future actions would have a huge impact on the British Empire created by Queen Victoria herself.It took two days to get from Australia to New Zealand, but it took Arthur four full days to get from New Zealand to Australia.It's not that Arthur took a detour in the process, it's just that Arthur was in a hurry when he came, but he was less anxious when he left.As one of the few large colonies in Oceania besides the Australian continent, New Zealand is different from Australia.If Australia is a country sitting on a mine cart, then New Zealand is the kingdom of livestock and sheep.And because of its excellent geographical location, New Zealand can serve as Australia's barrier to the east. Controlling Australia and New Zealand means controlling the entire Oceania.The larger area of ​​Oceania, apart from Australia and New Zealand, is New Guinea, which was divided between the north and south by Britain and Germany.The New Guinea region under British rule was handed over to Australian management in 1906, and now it seems that this time period can be advanced further.As for the German-owned areas, as long as Germany participates in World War I, Australia can take advantage of the situation and occupy them.In other words, the New Guinea region is basically Australia's sure fat, and it can also serve as an excellent northern barrier and springboard for Australia.Australia, which controls New Zealand and New Guinea at the same time, will instantly become the irreplaceable overlord of Oceania.The reason why Arthur slowed down his journey on the way back was to examine the distance and geography from New Zealand to Australia.Unlike the ending of British New Guinea, New Zealand has always been in the hands of the British Empire. Even after becoming a dominion in 1907, its politics, diplomacy and economy were still under the control of the British Empire.It was not until 1947 that New Zealand gained complete independence, but at the cost of becoming a member of the Commonwealth and still having the British monarch as its head of state.All this is also due to the continental balance policy that Britain has always pursued, that is, there must be at least two equally powerful countries on a continent.But after Arthur has the trump card given by Queen Victoria, he may not be able to take control of New Zealand from Edward's hands, unless he is not afraid of losing the throne.Four days passed by in a flash, and by the time Arthur concluded his investigation, the warship had already sailed to Sydney Port.Because of the low-key policy, there were not many people to greet him this time. Only Butler Hunter and Governor Evan were waiting in the harbor against the wind."Your Highness!"Seeing Arthur getting off the warship under the escort of several guards, the two people quickly stepped forward and spoke respectfully."Butler Hunter, how are my mother and Patricia?" Arthur asked with a smile.Butler Hunter has been taking care of Arthur's family since Duke Arthur's time and is Arthur's most trusted assistant."Very well, Your Highness. The two ladies have always wanted to go to the streets of Sydney, but according to your order, the two ladies are only allowed to move near the government building, so they have no choice but to give up." Speaking of Patricia and Ma Miss Geli and Butler Hunter's faces were suddenly filled with smiles."Well, if they want to go out to play, let them go out. Now Australia has stabilized, but there should be no less guards. Give the two ladies a thousand pounds a month to live on, and let them stay in Australia these two days. Have a good spin!" Arthur said with a smile.Because they had just arrived in Australia, for the sake of safety, Arthur ordered his two sisters not to leave the government building too far.The situation in Australia has now stabilized, and the economy is also booming.It's time to let go of this order and let them have a good time in their new hometown."Okay, Your Highness." Butler Hunter nodded."Governor Evan, how did the voting in the House of Commons go?" Arthur looked at Governor Evan, who had been waiting for a long time, and asked aloud.After Arthur left everything, the House of Commons was given the task of voting on the officials who would serve as the first cabinet government.In order to ensure the authority and fairness of the voting, the voting was divided into two rounds. The first round selected three candidates for each cabinet position, and the second round determined the detailed candidates for the cabinet government."It went very well, Your Highness. Two days ago, we have successfully decided on the final list of candidates. We are just waiting to select the final list of cabinet and government under your witness." Governor Evan said with a smile.The election of the cabinet government is a relatively important matter for the country. Even if Arthur ordered the election as soon as possible, the House of Commons would not dare to decide on the final list of cabinet members without Arthur.As a result, the final election day has been repeatedly postponed, and until now it has only just concluded the first round of selection."Well, the progress needs to be accelerated. Inform all members that the final election will be held in three days, and the candidates for our cabinet government will be decided as soon as possible. The development of the government should also be carried out as soon as possible." Arthur nodded and gave the order.Australia's various developments are now in a golden period, but the country's development cannot be achieved without a cabinet government.Therefore, it is necessary to decide on the final candidates for the initial cabinet government as soon as possible, and then enter the process of national development as soon as possible.After all, Arthur is still the final decision-maker for Australia's development, and the greater role of the cabinet government is to execute Arthur's orders.Therefore, for all officials in the cabinet government, loyalty is greater than ability."Yes, Your Highness." Governor Evan nodded quickly.For Governor Evan, this is also the easiest time for him to enter the cabinet.At first, he served as governor and interim prime minister at the same time. Although his power was not great, his reputation was the highest among all officials.Secondly, because the capital of Australia is in New South Wales, Governor Evan has the most contact with Arthur among all governors.As long as Arthur's favor and trust are won, the hope of entering the cabinet government will be greater.Second update, please support and vote!