"No way? Is it that crazy?" Henrys was dubious. Although he knew that his friend didn't know how to lie, he still didn't dare to believe it completely."Oh, God, can you still not believe me? I bet there were at least a few hundred people already here when I came this morning. I've never seen that kind of crowding in this building before today. Passed." Martin vowed.Seeing what his friend said, Henris completely believed it and continued to ask: "Martin, so how many people are running for election today? We won't even be able to get into the state house, right?"The huge number of people made Henrys, who had always maintained confidence, a little doubt about himself. The competition intensity in Sydney was the highest in Australia. Even Henrys, who had always been very popular, was worried that he would not even be able to enter the state house."Probably more than a thousand. I'm afraid there will be at least a few thousand candidates in this week's election. But you don't have to worry too much, Henry. In the decades since you took office, there are no families you have helped. A thousand is also a few hundred, right? As long as half of them are still thinking about you, you can definitely win this election." Martin looked at his friend's worried look and couldn't help but feel a little funny.For city officials like them, running for council has always maintained some advantages.After all, congressmen participate in the development and construction of the country by power. Even a small state congressman can elect the governor and formulate state development policies.This also means that this position requires a certain degree of political talent, which is one of their advantages over ordinary Australians.In addition, Henrys has been quietly helping many poor families in Sydney, which has also given him a good reputation in Sydney's political circles.When all the conditions are combined, Henry is one of the most advantageous people. Even if he fails in the election and cannot enter the House of Commons, it is definitely more than enough to enter the State House."I hope so. Anyway, parliamentary elections are held every two years. If you can't enter the House of Commons this time, won't there be another chance next time?" After some persuasion from his friends, Henris also looked away and gradually relaxed.Not long after, the originally crowded State House was suddenly separated from an aisle. Several guards came in with a roster, stood in the center, signaled everyone to be quiet, and then announced: "Everyone. , according to the order of His Royal Highness the Duke, the first House of Commons election in the Principality of Australia has officially begun! There is a roster here. Those who want to participate in this election can register. After the registration is completed, they will be the official candidates. Come today During the week of the 17th, you can give speeches and canvass votes in the entire Sydney constituency, but you are not allowed to use bribery or coercion. At the same time, all candidates' own votes will be regarded as abstentions, and only the votes cast by others for you will be counted. . The voting time ends at 24:00 on the 17th. Ballots that are overdue will be invalid. This is the rule. People who want to run for the election can come here to queue up and register."Such a scene was staged in all cities that were divided into constituencies. Because it was Australia's first House of Commons election, these guards were responsible for supervising the election process and at the same time, they were also responsible for clearly introducing the specific election process to all those who participated in the election. and rules.Among them, the guards also specifically emphasized the prohibition of bribery and the use of coercion to get others to vote. This is also something that Arthur will explicitly prohibit during the entire voting process this time."Martin, let's go. If it's later, I don't know how long it will be!" Seeing that there was already a long queue in front of the guards, Henris quickly urged his friend.For Australians, it is very simple to vote. You only need to register your name and address, and the candidate you support, and it will be regarded as a successful vote.But as a candidate, it is not easy to successfully win this election.After all, there will be at least thousands of candidates born in Sydney throughout this week. It is extremely difficult to stand out among these thousands of people and become the few dozen people who will eventually enter the House of Commons.But as long as you enter the House of Commons, you have entered the upper echelons of Australia's political institutions, and you are also qualified to be elected to the cabinet.It is not impossible to even be lucky enough to gain Arthur's trust and enter the House of Lords.Perhaps he has the dream of developing his own country with his own hands, perhaps he wants to fulfill his dream of being a politician, or perhaps he is just curious and trying to participate in an election. Anyway, this time the election of the House of Commons was welcomed by most Australians.May 10th, 10pm.When Arthur saw today's election data in Sydney, Arthur was immediately surprised.In just one day today, 1,342 candidates were born in Sydney, and 96,300 votes were cast.Among them, the candidate with the largest number of votes has received nearly 500 votes, and has initially gained a large advantage in the election process.This also made Arthur very curious about the election situation and decided to go to the election site to see for himself.May 17, New South Wales House of Commons, Sydney.This is the last day of the entire Australian House of Commons election and the craziest day in the election process.After six days of elections, more than 5,300 candidates were born in Sydney alone, and more than 205,000 votes were cast.Although the statistics of other states were not sent to Arthur due to the relatively short period of time, it can be deduced from the data in Sydney that the number of people participating in this election is definitely not low, completely exceeding Arthur's latest Original estimate.It was precisely because it was the last day of the election that Arthur decided to go to the election site in person to win over the people.It was still the familiar state house. Martin and Henry were standing outside the house, talking about their respective votes.Because it is already the last election day, no matter how many speeches are given today, the number of votes obtained will already be very few.Therefore, Martin and Henris also plan to resign themselves to their fate and see if their efforts in the past few days have paid off and whether they can enter the House of Commons of their dreams.At this moment, the two of them suddenly heard noisy shouts from the crowd: "Your Highness is here! Your Highness is here!""Your Highness is here? Let's go and have a look. If it's late, we really won't be able to get in." Martin suddenly became excited and forced his friend to rush towards the sound.On the road outside the State House, Arthur was slowly getting out of the carriage. While adjusting his clothes, he smiled and greeted the excited and enthusiastic crowd around him.First update, please vote!