In the noisy square, a few birds tentatively landed on the branches, preparing to look for insects in the leaves. They were scared away by the cheers of the crowd under the trees, leaving a piece of feathers falling slowly, proving the arrival of the birds.On the high platform, Arthur looked at the cheering crowd with great satisfaction. It now seems that the tax cuts planned by Arthur have been very successful in winning the hearts and minds of the people. If Australians’ desire for reunification makes them look forward to Arthur’s rule, then after the tax cuts, they have begun to welcome and celebrate Arthur. has arrived.In this case, Arthur didn't mind adding another fire. He signaled the crowd to quiet down because there was more important news that had not been announced.Sure enough, after seeing Arthur's gesture, the originally noisy square fell silent at lightning speed, as if they were not the ones making the noise before.Arthur was very satisfied with the effect and said with a smile: "At the same time, I have something very important to announce. Although we are a monarchy, I am also very happy to give my people their due rights. I declare that the House of Lords and the House of Commons are officially established. The election of the House of Commons will be from May 10th to May 17th, held every two years. The results will be counted from the 18th to the 24th. The elected members of the House of Commons will be elected on May 25th. He officially took office after being announced on the 2nd. Now, every Australian can proudly announce that you are free to fight for your own rights!""Long live Your Highness! Long live Australia!"As Arthur's bombshells hit one after another, all the Australians present became more and more satisfied with Arthur. Everyone was fortunate that the British had blocked it during the Federal Council. Otherwise, the original colonial rule would now be over. They continue to rule Australia, whether they can reduce taxes, let alone empower Australians."Subjects, all adult Australians can participate in the election of the House of Commons, and all adult Australians have one vote. During the election, I will send the Guards to inspect the election site to ensure that there will be no election in our House of Commons. Any fraud occurs. The House of Commons has the power to make and amend ordinary laws, elect members of the Cabinet, and is one of the most important departments in Australia. Now, as the Duke of Australia, I declare that this power is vested in all my people. Let all Australia With everyone participating and witnessing, Australia will rise in this beautiful world. Long live Australia!" Arthur became more and more excited as he spoke, and in the end he even yelled.However, no one noticed Arthur's slightly rude behavior at this time. Everyone was immersed in joy and excitement, shouting after Arthur.Amid cheers and applause, Arthur ended his coronation speech perfectly.If Arthur was mysterious and full of expectations in the hearts of Australians before, now in the hearts of Australians, Arthur's status has surpassed that of Queen Victoria, who has ruled them for decades. He is already a very benevolent person. An excellent monarch.If Arthur can continue to maintain his popularity and reputation among Australian people, then no one can shake his status in Australia.May 9, 1900, Sydney Harbour.After staying in Australia for more than ten days, Queen Victoria finally continued her journey to the Isle of Wight.Looking at the boy who was taller than herself, Queen Victoria felt a little emotional for a moment, and said with a smile: "Arthur, your speech was very good. I believe that under your leadership, Australia can become the brightest pearl in Oceania.""Grandma, you must take care of your health. Arthur is waiting to attend the celebration of the 70th anniversary of your accession to the throne!" Arthur did not reply to Queen Victoria's compliment, but said to Queen Victoria with a look of reluctance."Hahaha, good boy, grandma knows. Your mother and two younger sisters still need your care in Australia. I have invited the best teachers from the UK to teach you and them. I hope to meet again next time By then, my Arthur will grow up to be an excellent ruler, and grandma will be proud of you." Queen Victoria kissed Arthur's forehead gently, and then left with Princess Beatrice and the fleet without looking back.If Queen Victoria hadn't betrayed her heart by shaking her shoulders slightly, perhaps this farewell would have been less sad.After bidding farewell to Queen Victoria, Arthur needed to receive the precious wealth that Queen Victoria left him.Fully two thousand British Royal Guards and their families for a population of nearly eight thousand, as well as two British cooks, two maids, six servants, and a personal tailor.In addition to these, there are 237 million pounds and 50 million worth of industrial equipment as well as Arthur's two military factories in the UK, a steel plant and a shipyard. Important equipment and skilled workers have been transferred to Arthur. Se moved here.To be honest, Arthur was very grateful that he was born into the British royal family and was the only son of Queen Victoria's favorite son, Duke Arthur.Even if the fiefdom is changed to Australia, which has no industry or infrastructure, it can still have more than 200 million pounds of start-up capital, 50 million pounds worth of industrial equipment, and multiple factories.Not to mention how huge the capital of 200 million pounds is, even just 50 million pounds of industrial equipment and these factories can allow Australia's industry to expand rapidly and make up for the gap with Western countries.More importantly, Australia has a large number of mineral resources, including coal, iron, aluminum, oil, natural gas, gold, silver and other minerals, and the reserves of each mineral are very abundant, which is completely enough to build Australia into a powerful country. Industrial country.Australia is also very rich in natural uranium ores. You must know that uranium-235 extracted from uranium ores is one of the main materials for making atomic bombs. Even in future generations, there will only be only 5 million natural uranium ores available for development in the world. tons, and Australia has 610,000 tons, more than one-ninth.With such rich mineral resources, coupled with huge start-up capital and a large amount of industrial equipment, as well as the support from the British Empire, the most powerful industrial country in a short period of time, Arthur is fully confident that Australia's industry will be transformed in a short period of time. The level has been raised to the second-rate level in Europe, and even launched an impact on the first-rate level in Europe.What's more, Australia still has a unique geographical environment at this time. Oceania where it is located does not have any competitors. The two potential rivals, an island country and the United States, will not pose a threat to Australia in the short term due to various reasons and restrictions.First update, please vote!