Arthur wanted to ask a few more questions, but after seeing that Queen Victoria had already sat on a special wheelchair with the support of Princess Beatrice and was slowly walking this way, he was still very interested. Keep your mouth shut.Although Queen Victoria's poor health was a tacit fact throughout the British Empire, talking about her illness in front of Queen Victoria would inevitably make the Queen unhappy and even worsen her weakness."Let's go, Arthur. This period is the best for visiting the seascape, and the climate is just right." Queen Victoria seemed to be in a good mood. She was pushed by Princess Beatrice to come to Arthur and said with a smile."Okay, grandma." Arthur followed obediently.Because the weather was cold before, although Queen Victoria came to the Isle of Wight, she did not really appreciate the sea view. She only took a quick glance and then stayed at the manor for a long time.Although the manor was also where Queen Victoria and Prince Albert's family once lived, in Queen Victoria's heart, the manor was still more nostalgic than the beach.Under the fiery red dusk, the waves crashed against the rocks, stirring up a layer of spray and forming a brilliant rainbow under the sunlight. Queen Victoria once stood in such a place, spending the happiest time of her life with Prince Albert and several children.Perhaps because of revisiting her hometown, Queen Victoria's face looked much better than when she was lying in the hospital bed. Not only did she look more rosy, but most of her complexion had also recovered."Arthur, take a walk with grandma." Queen Victoria stood up from her wheelchair, stretched out her hand to greet Arthur, and walked slowly toward the beach in front.As Queen Victoria gets closer to the beach, her feet gradually sink deeper into the sand. It should be said that each step will be more strenuous, but it seems that Queen Victoria is getting more and more relaxed.Arthur quickly followed and helped Queen Victoria up.The grandfather and grandson just walked aimlessly on the beach, without the support of the servants or the warning of the guards."Arthur, there is something that has been hidden in my grandmother's heart for a long time. She has been thinking about it for a long time and feels that she has to tell you." After a long silence, Queen Victoria finally spoke."Grandma, tell me, Arthur, listen." Arthur nodded solemnly and replied to Queen Victoria with a smile.No matter what Queen Victoria hid from Arthur, Arthur knew that Queen Victoria was doing it for his own good."Arthur, the assassination of your father has been investigated a long time ago. However, because it involves royal secrets, it has not been announced to the public. In fact, no one else knows the results of the investigation except me. ." Queen Victoria stopped walking, turned to look at Arthur, and said solemnly: "Do you know what the reason is?"Arthur shook his head. Apart from the property and territory inherited from his father, he had no influence in the UK. Naturally, it was impossible to find out the real culprit who assassinated Duke Arthur in such a short period of time."Alas!" Seeing Arthur shaking his head as expected, Queen Victoria sighed heavily, and then said regretfully: "Your father was assassinated by the forces of your uncle, Edward. The reason why I didn't tell you before because I was afraid that you would lose your mind after knowing it, and I was also afraid that you would be poisoned again, so I could only hide it from you for the time being. You shouldn't blame grandma for having deceived you for so long, right? "Arthur was stunned for a while, and then he immediately came back to his senses and said decisively: "No, grandma. How could Arthur blame you? I know that everything grandma did was for Arthur's good. In this case, it would only be a bad thing for me to learn the truth."Seeing that Arthur did not blame herself, Queen Victoria touched Arthur's forehead with pity, and then said: "The moment I just learned the truth, I really wanted to immediately abolish Edward's title and make you the crown prince. But reason tells me that I cannot do this. Firstly, deposing the crown prince without any reason will only lead to a significant reduction in the prestige of the royal family, and may even threaten the survival of the royal family. Secondly, Edward's power is already deeply rooted in Britain, and I cannot I'll clean it up for you. Under such circumstances, even if you inherit the British throne in the future, I'm afraid you won't be able to sit firmly after my death. Fortunately, you proposed to go to Australia, which can be regarded as a coincidence, allowing you to escape from danger, grandma I feel relieved.”Hearing what Queen Victoria said, Arthur was moved. Although Queen Victoria has a greater say in the UK, the Crown Prince cannot be deposed at his word.Queen Victoria's idea of ​​deposing the crown prince under such circumstances is enough to show that she really cares for Arthur."Alas, it's all the fault of the damn throne, but I remember my father once said that he clearly has no idea about the damn throne." Arthur also sighed and said slightly helplessly.Among Arthur's vague memories, he remembered that his father, Duke Arthur, still cared for him very much, and had said many times in public and private that he had no idea about the damn throne.It can only be said that Crown Prince Edward was blinded by power and interests, and chose to ignore family love.But it cannot be denied that if Duke Arthur does not die, Arthur will have to wait until Duke Arthur abdicates the title if he wants to inherit the title, or he can only obtain the title during the war.No matter which method is used, it will be too late to develop after acquiring the territory."Arthur, I hope you can put aside your hatred and focus on developing Australia. As it stands now, Edward has won the support of a large number of British nobles and forces, and his succession to the throne is a certainty. Compared to the British Empire, Australia , whether it is now or in the future, it seems that it is an egg hitting a stone. Edward will be punished, but I hope you will not fall into the whirlpool of hatred. Now, taking good care of your mother and your two sisters is the most important thing." Queen Victoria sighed, and then said to Arthur solemnly.Looking at the face that was almost identical to her favorite son, Queen Victoria really didn't want Arthur to fall into the whirlpool of hatred. She chose to offend Edward even though she knew it was impossible to go against the British Empire."I know, grandma. I will not do anything irrational. Now that I am the Duke of Australia, my focus is to develop Australia." Arthur nodded and said.Second update, please support! Please invest, please vote!