"Your Highness Arthur, Your Highness Arthur, wake up! Something bad has happened. His Highness the Duke has been assassinated! Her Majesty the Queen wants to see you!" The door to the luxuriously decorated room was suddenly pushed open, and a gentleman who looked mature and steady was blushing. His eyes were wet, and he rushed in and shouted loudly."Huh, huh?" The sleeping Connold Arthur woke up instantly, climbed out of bed, and quickly asked the old gentleman: "Butler Hunter, what happened?""There is no time to say more. Your Highness Arthur, go to Her Majesty the Queen. Her Royal Highness the Duke was assassinated on the streets of London this morning. Now the royal family and the entire government are pursuing this matter." The butler named Hunter blushed. He said with a slight cry in his eyes."Ah? What happened? How could my father be assassinated?" Connold Arthur was shocked and asked in disbelief.Connaught Arthur's father, Arthur William Patrick Albert, was one of the greatest monarchs in the history of the British Empire, the third son of Queen Victoria, and a distinguished Connaught and St. The Duke of Larsen and the Earl of Sussex.Connaught Arthur was unwilling to believe that such noble princes and dukes were assassinated in the capital of their country."I don't know. Everything was fine in the beginning. Who would have thought that an assassin would suddenly come to assassinate His Highness? There is no time to think about it now. Your Highness, go to Her Majesty's side first. At least it is absolutely safe there now. Butler Hunter said with sadness and concern.Speaking of old Butler Hunter's resume, although it is not brilliant, it is very profound.Ever since Duke Arthur William Patrick Albert was awarded the title of knight in 1874, Butler Hunter has been the steward of the entire principality and Duke Arthur, and it has been more than 20 years now.In the past twenty years, not only did Duke Arthur grow into a qualified Duke step by step, but also Connold Arthur grew up under the watch of Butler Hunter.This is why Steward Hunter was so sad when he heard that Duke Arthur William Patrick Albert had been assassinated."Then what should we do now?" Connold Arthur has only been in this body for a few months. In these few months, he doesn't know much about the environment he is currently in. .In addition, my previous understanding of the British Empire was only half-knowledge. I only knew that Queen Victoria was one of the greatest monarchs in British history and was known as the grandmother of the European royal family.Under such circumstances, after his original father, Duke Arthur William Patrick Albert, was assassinated, Connold Arthur didn't know what to do for a while."Go to Her Majesty the Queen first. The most important thing now is to ensure your safety, Her Majesty." Butler Hunter said decisively.After losing Duke Arthur William Patrick Albert, a lord who cared deeply for his children whom he had watched grow up, Butler Hunter could no longer tolerate another accident involving Connold Arthur, whom he had watched grow up."Okay, Butler Hunter." Connold Arthur also understood the importance of the matter and nodded.Buckingham Palace, Queen Victoria's Chamber.At this time, the conference room was filled with senior officials and members of the royal family from the United Kingdom, and all of them were at least absolutely senior officials at the ministerial level."Her Majesty the Queen, please express your condolences. The passing of His Royal Highness Duke Arthur is regrettable, but the most important thing now is to find out the cause of the assassination and the real culprit behind it." The current British Prime Minister Robert Searcy said with a sad face .No matter what, the assassination of a dignified prince and noble duke of the British Empire in the capital of the British Empire is a huge humiliation for both the royal family and the government.This is not only a provocation to the dignity of the royal family, but also a provocation to the dignity of the British Empire.You must know that the British Empire is now the world's most powerful country, and its navy has crushed the second and third most powerful countries in the world.Under such a premise, someone who dares to plan an assassination of the Duke and Prince of the British Empire in London, the capital of the British Empire, is equivalent to a slap in the face of the British Empire and the British royal family."The Prime Minister is right, check it out for me immediately! Within three days, I want to know all the information about the murderer and whether there is anyone behind him who instigated him. Anyone involved in this assassination will be arrested. Release after confirming that there is no suspicion. I want those who dare to hurt Arthur to understand that the dignity of the royal family is not so easily provoked." At the top of the list, the 80-year-old Queen Victoria looked sad and angry. Speaking of.Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert has been Queen Victoria's favorite son since his birth. Although after the birth of his sister, Princess Beatrice, Prince Arthur's favor was divided to a large extent, but He remains Queen Victoria's favorite son.Especially after the second son, Prince Alfred, went to Germany to inherit the title, and the fourth son, Prince Leopold, died of hemophilia in 1884, Prince Arthur became even more valued by Queen Victoria.In addition, the eldest son Edward was not cared for by Queen Victoria in the first place. After repeated scandals of personal indiscretions, Queen Victoria paid even less attention to him.It is precisely because of this that rumors have repeatedly spread in British political circles and among the people that Queen Victoria will appoint Prince Arthur as crown prince.Although Queen Victoria did not make any move to dethrone Edward as Crown Prince, it is unknown whether she thought so in private."Dong dong dong!"There was a sudden knock on the door, interrupting Queen Victoria's angry roar.Everyone looked towards the door, trying to see who dared to disturb Queen Victoria's anger at this time."Grandma." Arthur walked in slowly, calling with red eyes.This voice of grandmother instantly dispelled Queen Victoria's anger. Looking at the face in front of her that was very similar to her favorite son, Queen Victoria couldn't help but shed two tears from the corners of her eyes, and she choked with sobs."Good boy, come to grandma. Don't worry, with grandma here, no one can hurt you." Queen Victoria stepped forward, took Arthur's hand, and led him to the top position."Your Highness Arthur." Government officials saluted Arthur one after another."According to the order, all Arthur's titles will be inherited by young Arthur, including all castles and properties. Arthur will be buried with the treatment of a prince, and the country's flags will be flown at half-mast for three days." Queen Victoria stroked Arthur's face with red eyes and said sadly said.